Breadcrumb docs (#474)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/breadcrumb/collapse-modes.md

---
title: Collapse Modes

> page_title: Breadcrumb Collapse Modes

Reviewer: We seem to be using inconsistent page titles (incuding in different articles in this PR). Let's see which is the right way and stick to it in the future:

* Component Foo Bar
* Component - Foo Bar
* Foo Bar | Component

Author: Shall we consider the "Component - Foo Bar" option the best one? I see it is most commonly used, although it looks like most of the overview articles include "Component Foo Bar".

Author: Fixed with "Component - Foo Bar"

Reviewer: Well, I would vote for "Foo Bar | Component" or "Foo Bar - Component". Not something urgent for now, but worth considering for the future.

description: Collapse Modes of the Breadcrumb for Blazor.
slug: breadcrumb-collapse-modes
tags: telerik,blazor,breadcrumb,collapse,modes
published: True
position: 20
---

# Breadcrumb Collapse Modes

> You can specify how the Breadcrumb items are visualized when their total width is larger than the width of the component through the `CollapseMode` parameter the Breadcrumb exposes. It takes a member of the `BreadcrumbCollapseMode` enum and provides the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify how the Breadcrumb items are visualized when their total width exceeds the width of the component through the `CollapseMode` attribute of the Breadcrumb. It takes a member of the `BreadcrumbCollapseMode` enum and provides the following options:
```

> * `Auto` (the default) - Items are automatically collapsed based on the width of the Breadcrumb. First and last item always remain visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Auto` (default) - Items are automatically collapsed based on the width of the Breadcrumb. The first and last item always remain visible.
```

> * `Wrap` — Items are wrapped on multiple rows when their total width is bigger than the width of the BreadCrumb.

Reviewer: The clarification at the end should not be necessary, as we are discussing what happens when the items ARE wider than the component.

```suggestion
* `Wrap` — Items are wrapped on multiple rows.
```

> * `None` — All items are expanded on the same row. This scenario is useful when the Breadcrumb needs to be scrolled.

Reviewer: Do we explain somewhere how to make the items scrollable? Does this happen automatically?

Author: Fixed
